W-16969834 - Adding Connected App's clarification for Exchange Creator scope (#288)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/to-set-permissions.adoc

Exchange Administrators:: Enables users to view, create, and download assets within a business group. Users with this permission have all the same access as users with the Exchange contributor and Exchange viewer permissions, and access to share an asset with another user, deprecate an asset, and delete an asset. Use this permission to set up Exchange administrators for all the assets within a specific business group.
Exchange Creator:: Enables users to create new assets within a business group's catalog, but cannot modify assets or asset versions created by other users in the business group. Once the users with this permission create an asset, the Asset Administrator role is automatically assigned for the assets they create. The Asset Administrator role allows these users to modify only the assets that they create. Use this permission to restrict modification of assets other than assets created by this user while allowing all developers across all teams in a business group to create new assets in Exchange.

> For _Connected Apps_, the experience is slightly different. If an asset is created through a connected app with this scope, the Asset Administrator role will be granted to the connected app's owner. This means that you can not use Connected Apps with Excahgen Creator scope to create new versions of existing assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For connected apps, the experience differs. If an asset is created using a connected app, the Asset Administrator role is granted to the connected app owner. You can’t use connected apps with the Exchange Creator permission to create new versions of existing assets.
```
